Decouple HuggingFace LLM provider from LangChain dependency (#1367)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/safety_and_security/retail_agent/README.md

#### Optional Dependencies

> To use Hugging Face guard models (such as Qwen Guard), install the LangChain plugin which includes the HuggingFace LLM provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Hugging Face guard models (such as Qwen Guard), install a framework which supports the HuggingFace LLM provider, such as LangChain:
```
